**The Iron Yard - Week 2**

Week two at The Iron Yard reminded me of a frequent scenario in sports, where the favored team exerts dominance over an inferior opponent, crushing their spirit and confidence. No doubt, I was the inferior opponent throughout week two. JavaScript was pointing at the scoreboard and I was holding on for dear life, trying not to get blown out in the first quarter. It was a long week. A tough week. The material was demanding and the learning process is unlike anything I have experienced. 

The material went to a new level with the introduction of MVC - [Model, View, Controller](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Model%E2%80%93view%E2%80%93controller) - which is a software pattern for implementing user interfaces. In simple terms, the view (what the user sees and interacts with) makes a request from the model (the data), while the controller manipulates the model so the user sees exactly the data they requested. Seeing and implementing this pattern for the first time was incredibly challenging. Utilizing the MVC pattern, we were working with two seperate JavaScript files, each requiring different code, in addition to the introduction of HTML. Our assignment required the development of a to-do-list user interface and writing code that would display new tasks to be added to the list, delete a task, edit a task, etc. Sounds easy, right? Not so much. The Saturday study group succeeded in providing some functionality for adding and displaying tasks, but improvements are needed. We all recognized it is early in the game, yet frustrations were mounting.

Those frustrations add a personal element to learning a difficult, challenging subject like JavaScript. I won't deny that it felt like week two at The Iron Yard kicked my ass. Experiencing routine failure has zapped my confidence. On Sunday I had to take a look back and focus on areas where I have made progress instead focusing on negatives. The goal is to stay in the game. Just keep working. 
